I've got a bit of a size problem my
Bluetooth speaker is only about 3 and
1/2 in so I got a new one to compensate
the Sony alt Tower 10 this is the bigger
brother to the last one I had a look at
the Sony XV 900 we're going to see if
this one's bigger better it's more
expensive it's about another
$300 compared to the last one but I
don't know this one's got more RGB
bigger speakers maybe certainly weighs
more I'll tell you that oh it comes in a
box looks like we've got some packing
material here W they used paper except
for all of this like Styrofoam and
plastic that's sort of nice at least
they at least they tried power
cable we've got a quick start guide with
like stuff unlike the last one this is
not battery powered but it's got some
more interesting features got an optical
cable you can kind of use this the same
as the last one to connect your TV I
think we've got yeah some batteries too
and they're Sony I didn't know they make
batteries uh I did actually and warranty
instructions how to take it out of the
box and the last one here which is kind
of cool is it comes
with its very own wireless microphone
look at that I think this is being build
as like an all-in-one karaoke machine
you know you hook it up to the TV you
have your lyrics comes with a wireless
mic that's pretty sick I'm into that I
don't do karaoke but yay yeah that feels
like 63 pounds to
me most of that seems to be the Box
though
bye okay let's see if I can lift this up
seems to be in the styrofoam pretty
good microplastics as if I needed more
of those in my bloody lungs chase a
little bit bigger than the last one oh
man that is that is
impressive look at that
Bell wow the first thing I kind of
noticed is it's got speakers all around
it similar to the other one we got two
in the front we got two in this like mid
driver thing we got a j out we got a
gigantic square one here static
electricity and another two down here at
the bottom if we spin her around this
way we've got another two at the top
here we've got probably what looks like
another two here they' got some foam on
them they're kind of strange
honestly uh this is all hard plastic and
then and I think that's about it so 360°
sound is like I don't know just a couple
extra speakers probably doesn't need it
though it's got some nice Wheels let's
have a look at the bottom while we're
down
here yeah it's got
wheels some rubber pads which is always
good cuz this thing is uh a little bit
large big power button on top and an ALT
button we'll see what those do it's
probably got uh yeah I can sort of see
the inclination of little touch buttons
here but of course the touch surface is
piano black so the whole thing's just
going to be covered in fingerprints
which is great just give me physical
buttons please please apparently the top
of this is Splash proof so if people put
drinks on it or they're drunk and they
get some stuff on it I guess that's good
maybe that's why they didn't put
physical buttons on it we've also got
this rubberized thing here which flips
up and it's really nice it's magnetized
down onto that surface which is kind of
cool we have a mic or guitar input uh
level for that and I wonder if this
little slot here is for like music or
like a stand or something I don't know
maybe it's for the microphone I don't
like see a place to put the microphone
oh hold on oh that's nice and look
there's one on each side there like a
cup holder for audio things last thing
on this seems to be some more ports at
the back there we are let's see what we
got we got a USB port we've got our
Optical in and we have a audio in as
well the USB Port can charge and you can
use it for playing as well although I'm
not sure where you can put your oh okay
maybe that's what this is for you could
stick your phone in there like that last
thing we have down here is the power
input and unlike the little brother it
doesn't have a built-in battery
unfortunately but I think that's fine
for how big this thing is last I guess
we have to see how this thing sounds but
first a message from our sponsor sh
thanks to be quiet for sponsoring this
video be quiet manufactures cases
cooling solutions and premium power
power supplies that are engineered in
Germany whether you're gaming creating
content or running a high performance
setup be quiet has you covered the fans
and their products are designed for
maximum performance at the quietest
levels and of course each be quiet
product is crafted with high quality
components to ensure great performance
and reliability on top of that their
products come with industry-leading
warranties for example all of their
power supplies are backed by a 10-year
warranty be quiet brings true German
engineering German design German quality
and German Performance to all their
products learn more about be quiet using
our link it a bit cold in here so I put
on a sweater LTT store.com and I guess
let's turn it
on oh that's nice it's got a good noise
and oh my God look at all that RGB and
styrofoam
microplastics uh looks like we've got a
bunch of colors on the top now we've got
red and a different type of red and gray
and GR gray and purple not color blend
I'm just kidding and yeah we can turn
the light on and off and whatever
multicolor is I guess that's RGB puke
mode which is always fun uh what else we
got we got Bluetooth button audio in USB
play start stop all that sort of stuff
and yeah it's got Optical in so you can
use this as a base booster for your TV
the other one kind of worked the same
but it didn't sound very good and was
just basically based and I understand
that this one is exactly the same and
then the giant alt button
oh that was scary that was not a good
sound that was a oh
God I don't
know Bell and this is definitely built
as a karaoke machine so we have key
control on the top you can bring it up
or down probably a semitone at a time
and let's put some music in it I've got
the short circuit phone here which seems
to not be an iPhone anymore for some
reason alt Tower 10 it's picked it up
immediately I'll hit connect
oh there we go we're
[Music]
done I thought I heard some crackling
from this speaker but maybe I don't know
it's got to get broken in or whatever
and for the record that was about half
volume no way actually quarter volume so
that's uh you guys got ear protection
I'm actually scared this is a lot louder
than the other one and the clarity seems
to be better too the alt button seems to
be sound profiles so it makes different
noises which kind of indicate I think
what its profile is this is obviously
the loudest most altest most bumping one
but the other two seem to be a little
softer or a little less treble and a
little more midi that kind of thing I
don't know how many it has we will check
in the manual I brought out the spec
rectangle and it looks like we're
drawing about 140 Watts from the wall
each channel is rated for 20 watts and
that's measured in RMS which which is
pretty good okay you ready for this guys
mhm no you're
not
[Music]
450 ow Fu what that's good no Distortion
at all anywhere um I think that crackly
speaker was maybe just it oh I'm being
used now so that's that's good that was
very intense yeah okay this will piss
your neighbors off um and it might kill
small children okay we can't say that
keep your pets away otherwise that'll be
a bad time this seems to be very similar
to the last one as well we have it in
the Sony music app and it's got all the
sorts of the settings and things um one
thing that I do notice is the group with
other speakers is kind of great I love
to see that so you can get two of these
and group them in Stereo or you can put
them anywhere and like murder people in
the middle of the room with sound feable
is the LED app thing which you can make
it do stuff we can adjust the audio in I
guess uh whoop USB we can switch to that
it does it automatically here uh seems
to have automatic YouTube music which is
interesting welcome short circuit hello
and now we've got our settings sound so
we have alt
two okay that low bump is off
alt
one alt two which I think has more high
band maybe and then off so what are
these enhances the deeper low pass sense
of increased power what does that
mean could mean a bunch of stuff it just
sounded louder the last mode we have is
custom which you can set a custom EQ on
it's got a few bands and it's not super
exciting but you know whatever DJ effect
oh yeah we had this last time as well
with the like isolator and flanger which
was bad what else we got illumination
lighting mode oh these are fun we got
light off this one's called
delightful
ha
Rave yeah
that's exciting that's woo chill which
is a little bit more exciting than Rave
I guess with strobe I assume that it'll
kind of go through it it's not
particularly settings deep but I mean
this is more of a centerpiece for
karaoke I believe than anything else I'm
going to go ahead and listen to some
music that I know and uh yeah see you in
a minute
[Music]
that's pretty good what
what ohoo that was very loud sorry
everyone
uh this thing on I was I was I was on my
way
sorry uh we're all gathered here today
let's have a listen to this yeah okay
it's a microphone it's really near field
like I got to get right up on it I
that's pretty loud for you guys right
and I'm talking right here as soon as
I'm like here nothing
gone it's nice that it comes with a
mic I guess that's cool uh and I think
think it basically is plug-and play like
I I just turned it on and it was
connected immediately so yeah if you're
going to be doing karaoke this is an
all-in-one machine and I assume that by
having the two
holders uh you could have two people
stereo music unfortunately it's only one
wireless mic I guess this other one
would be for a wired mic and then you
could have two together or you could
hang a guitar off of here don't do that
I hate the piano black but you know
whatever you gave me buttons for the
power but they're all in piano black I
don't know why everybody does this uh
the lights are cool sort of I mean it's
got lights on it they react to the music
charges the
phone you can get hot chips on it the
tweeters themselves are sort of
protected which is great you can't get
your fingers in there these
guys yeah maybe I can see people
sticking hot dogs in there I know I
would as this is kind of is a portable
speaker I mean you're going to have it
plugged in it's 140 Watts which is a
hell of a lot it's got a nice metal
grate on the front but all of the sides
and everything is kind of this soft
plastic it's kind of already there's
something on my hands at the moment and
if you're moving this around like it's
going to get scratched up pretty bad uh
the metal front is good though that
feels nice and sturdy I can see Ever So
slight Dent right in the center uh just
punched it it's not where I punched it
that's not where I punched it I punched
it here I would say if you're in the
market for a party speaker that you can
take somewhere uh this is probably the
one to get it's a reasonably priced at
1,200 bucks it
performs like I would expect for that
price point it's loud it's got features
built in I don't know if you want this
type of thing I would definitely buy it
probably not for me but you host a lot
of parties certainly outdoor events
anything like that easy thank you so
much for watching if you are in the
market for one of these check out my
other video that one is actually battery
powered so maybe that's what you want in
a
speaker okay boys with wheel me
away maybe I don't know